hello everyone recently i posted about a
new application coming from google
called body browser embody browser is a
web 3d application built on WebGL which
is a royalty-free web standard for
low-level 3d graphics API based on
opengl es 2.0 now in order to view this
you have to have a WebGL supportive
browser I have both the developer
version of chrome and also that the
developer version of Mozilla Firefox
which is called minefield now I saw this
application in chrome initially and so I
want to test it out in mind filled so
once you've enabled your browser's after
you get them go ahead and go to body
browser google labs com
and here we have a 3d model now usually
uh her tank top is purple so this could
just be an issue of the browser or my
graphics card but as you can see here we
have a 3d model now this is running
natively within the web player there are
no plugins for this you can move the
model left and right up and down
so this is pretty standard damin mode
tight wet 3d over here on the left-hand
side you have the same navigation
controls here for up down turn them left
and right we can also zoom in and zoom
out the avatar and then underneath here
on the left side we have scroller so
this way this is what's really neat
about this you can peel away the
different layers so if you just want to
look at the muscles yeah there are the
muscles some of the bones looks like I
need to move this up a little bit more
here
so this is a pretty cool application
thing now what's really interesting
about this is you can look for various
parts of the body so say you want to
type in something that you want to
search for as you can see over here will
begin to populate various different
suggestions of things you might be
looking for so here this is the triceps
long head and it'll go ahead and zoom
into that and it gives you a little fox
that displays the name of that or if you
want to look at something different
let's look at
show the femur in the leg
and then as you can see here you can
pretty much it looks like turn off the
layers of the muscles the bones the
nervous system circulatory system and
the organs and the brain
so again just a real quick look at body
browser by Google and their Google Labs
this is just one example that they have
up there that shows how WebGL can be
used for various different forms of 3d
visualization so i recommend check it
out WebGL should be supported and all
the browser's hopefully by the beginning
of next year
so here you can see the labels which are
a little bit small
quick look at Google Labs body browser